Missing required configuration (#566)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/logging/admin_audit.adoc

== Introduction

> The {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/admin_audit[Auditing] app is an Enterprise only app and available on the marketplace. It traces user and admin actions. In particular the events: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/admin_audit[Auditing] app is an Enterprise only app and available on the marketplace. It traces user and admin actions, in particular the following events:
```

== Configuration

> It is advised to redirect messages into a separate file. To do so, add these lines to `config.php` and adjust the target path accordingly. Otherwise please make sure to adjust the server log level to 1 (or 0), otherwise the Auditing app won't log anything. Configuring a seperate file circumvents the global log level. Note that the target path must be writeable for the web server user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is advised to redirect messages into a separate file. To do so, add these lines to `config.php` and adjust the target path accordingly. Otherwise make sure to adjust the server log level to 1 (or 0), or else the Auditing app won't log anything. Configuring a separate file circumvents the global log level. Note that the target path must be writable for the web server user:
```
